Update how-to-use-productboard.md (#344)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/product-planning/how-to-use-productboard.md

### 2c - Creating notes

> You can add a new note to capture feedback. This is used to help identify customer problems, wants/needs, feature shortcomings, and any other areas for improvement that stem from interacting with customers. Essentially, think of this as a place to communicate the most important takeaways from customers that the Product team can help you with. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a new note to capture feedback. This is used to help identify customer problems, wants/needs, feature shortcomings, and any other areas for improvement that stem from interacting with customers. Essentially, think of this as a place to communicate the most important takeaways from customers that the Product team can help you with.
```

> Notes from customer calls should be filed in [Salesforce](https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/1Ilm0t8AUtjtOociqUYuLluuT4lxcDijaiIrZ8wcamJE/edit?ts=5e6f6c50). This automatically pushes the customer call notes into the Mattermost “Customer Feedback” channel for visibility, and also to ProductBoard so it can be processed by PMs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes from customer calls should be filed in [Salesforce](https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/1Ilm0t8AUtjtOociqUYuLluuT4lxcDijaiIrZ8wcamJE/edit?ts=5e6f6c50). This automatically pushes the customer call notes into the Mattermost “Customer Feedback” channel for visibility, and also to productboard so it can be processed by PMs.
```

Important points about notes:

* Notes are specific to a customer/prospect.
* Notes can include multiple requests (PMs can apply multiple elements from the note to different features if necessary).

> * If you're not sure whether the request or feedback should apply to an existing feature, you can simply capture the feedback as a note and assign it to the PM overseeing that area, or leave it unassigned.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're not sure whether the request or feedback should apply to an existing feature, you can simply capture the feedback as a note and assign it to the PM overseeing that area, or leave it unassigned.
```

> When filing a note in ProductBoard: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When filing a note in productboard: 
```

1. Add the customer name.

> 2. Add as much detail about the request and/or feedback as possible. Sample questions to answer: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add as much detail about the request and/or feedback as possible. Sample questions to answer:
```

>   - What problem are they trying to solve? What is their specific use case? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - What problem are they trying to solve? What's their specific use case?
```

>   - How are they solving the problem right now? How is the current solution working or not working for them? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - How are they solving the problem right now? How is the current solution working or not working for them?
```

>   - How is this problem affecting their business and users? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - How is this problem affecting their business and users?
```

>   - What is the priority for them to get it fixed? Is the solution a blocker, a must-have, or a nice to have?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - What's the priority for them to get it fixed? Is the solution a blocker, a must-have, or a nice to have?
```

>   - What is the priority for them to get it fixed?  Is the solution a blocker, a must-have, or a nice to have? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - What is the priority for them to get it fixed? Is the solution a blocker, a must-have, or a nice to have?
```

> 3. Add a title to the note that summarizes the problem, not the solution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add a title to the note that summarizes the problem, not the solution.
```

### 2c - Creating notes

You can add a new note to capture feedback. This is used to help identify customer problems, wants/needs, feature shortcomings, and any other areas for improvement that stem from interacting with customers. Essentially, think of this as a place to communicate the most important takeaways from customers that the Product team can help you with. 

> Notes from customer calls should be filed in [Salesforce](https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/1Ilm0t8AUtjtOociqUYuLluuT4lxcDijaiIrZ8wcamJE/edit?ts=5e6f6c50). This automatically pushes the customer call notes into the Mattermost “Customer Feedback” channel for visibility, and also to Productboard so it can be processed by PMs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes from customer calls should be filed in [Salesforce](https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/1Ilm0t8AUtjtOociqUYuLluuT4lxcDijaiIrZ8wcamJE/edit?ts=5e6f6c50). This automatically pushes the customer call notes into the Mattermost “Customer Feedback” channel for visibility, and also to ProductBoard so it can be processed by PMs. 
```

Reviewer: Should we link to the customer feedback channel?

Important points about notes:

* Notes are specific to a customer/prospect.
* Notes can include multiple requests (PMs can apply multiple elements from the note to different features if necessary).

> * If you are not sure if the request or feedback should apply to an existing feature, you can simply capture the feedback as a note, assign it to the PM overseeing that area, or leave it unassigned.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're not sure whether the request or feedback should apply to an existing feature, you can simply capture the feedback as a note and assign it to the PM overseeing that area, or leave it unassigned.  
```

> When filing a note in Productboard: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When filing a note in ProductBoard: 
```

> 1. Add the customer name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the customer name.
```

You will also have access to the [release tracking view](https://mattermost.productboard.com/feature-board/1097526-release-tracking). From here you can monitor progress of all features company-wide (by release). This will be especially useful when a release is nearing to ensure that reporting of your team's progress (which features are on track or at risk) is communicated accurately.

## 4 - Day in the life of a productboard viewer (everyone)

> ### 4a - 3 Month, 6 Month and Future Candidate Roadmaps in the Portal view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4a - 3 Month, 6 Month, and Future Candidate Roadmaps in the Portal view
```

> ## 4 - Day in the life of a ProductBoard viewer (everyone)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4 - Day in the life of a productboard viewer (everyone)
```

> ### 4a - 3 Month, 6 Month and Future Candidate Roadmaps n the Portal view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4a - 3 Month, 6 Month and Future Candidate Roadmaps in the Portal view
```

> The portals will serve as our internal (and, in the future, external) communication of our product roadmap. You will have access to all internal product portals where we outline what we've released, what we're working on releasing in the next 3 months, 6 months, what we are considering for future candidates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The portals will serve as our internal (and, in the future, external) communication of our product roadmap. You'll have access to all internal product portals where we outline what we've released, what we're working on releasing in the next 3 months, 6 months, what we're considering for future candidates.
```
